we just admitted together that
we are prisoners of this
mystical magical ways of
thinking and bored theological
ways of thinking and now you
want so you want to change the
biological directive of the
human mind and how do you do
that
I i like to use the phrase
consciousness-raising and
consciousness-raising is so when
I don't want to be dictatorial
say there should be a law
against illogical thinking I not
that fascist I mean I certainly
want to go all the way that with
with that I'm with this am
Richard fine man who said when I
when I look at a rose I see the
same beauty as a as a poet or a
or a painter season and the rose
but i also get poetic
inspiration from the fact that i
know that the color is to
attract insects and that this
has come about by natural
selection
I feel the same way about
beautiful sunsets I think
there's no more reproduced image
when people want you to think of
God then a sunset with beams of
light coming out and it's called
online impurities in let me have
this year so I to I deeply
appreciate the splendor of a
magnificent sunset with a
curtain of twilight colors going
from you know deep you know the
deep blue2 sky blue and the red
Sun but i also know that the
surface of the sun of 6,000
degrees and Israeli scattering
atmosphere you have water
droplets condensing to make
clouds and where else to go
heroes time maybe I go a little
bit further in the direction of
good-natured ridicule of absurd
ideas like astrology like
homeopathy but so you're
defining you're saying it's good
natured but clearly the people
who are who are the on the other
side of your wit and
intelligence with are they
saying you're being good-natured
possibly not i don't i don't
really care about that I'm
awesome
ok now I mean I feel stupid next
to you now I and I know all this
stuff right
so come on and I i have an eye
to not just the astrologer that
i'm talking to but the example
the radio audience whatever it
is that that are that are
listening in my larger was right
you have you have visible
platforms where you share this
we both do and and it's other
parties often be made to me if
you call somebody an idiot
you're not going to change his
mind and that's possibly true
but you may change the minds of
a thousand people listening in